# Overview
The impact of any data mining research will eventually have to be realized via an application system. The goal of this last task of the Capstone Project is to leverage what you have learned and developed in the previous tasks to build a small-scale application system that would allow the envisioned end users (i.e., people who will benefit from the results that are generated by your data mining algorithms) to upload a new data set and apply at least one algorithm that you developed or experimented with to mine the uploaded data set using a Web interface. Your application system not only can be used as a demo system to show your accomplishment in this Capstone course, but can also be used potentially by real users. Whenever possible, we will attempt to integrate multiple application systems developed by you into an even more useful (and also more sophisticated) application system for mining review data.

# Instructions

To complete this task, please follow the following steps:

1. Decide which data mining function you would like to focus on when building your application system. Your system must support at least one of the functions that you experimented with or developed in some previous tasks. We would rather see a well-polished implementation of a single function than an unpolished implementation of multiple functions. The function can be from any of the tasks that you have worked on. The only requirement is that the function must be one that is clearly useful to at least some people.  For example, your function may be to use a set of reviews to generate a cuisine map to help people understand what the major cuisine types are. 

2. For the chosen function, decide who will benefit from using such a function under what application scenarios. For example, if your system will show a cuisine map to a user, then the envisioned users may be people who want to broadly explore different cuisines categories offered in a city.  

3. For the chosen function and the envisioned users, decide what the Web interface should look like and what actions a user can take on such an interface. For example, if the function is to show a cuisine map, then the interface should allow a user to upload a review data set (required for this task) and may then allow a user to click on a button to see the map. You then should decide how to show the map. It does not have to be visualized and can be simply displayed as a list if you think a list is more appropriate for your application. You also should decide what a use can do with the displayed cuisine type. For example, you may allow them to click on one of them to see more description of a cuisine or a list of restaurants that offer such a cuisine type. Use the envisioned application scenario and the envisioned users to guide your design. 

4. Choose the best algorithm that you have found from your work on those previous tasks to implement in your system. If there is any parameter that can be adjusted, you may consider providing a way to allow the parameters to be adjusted through a Web interface. 

5. Develop and test your application system. Your system must be a Web-based system so that people can try it remotely. We will provide you with a server for you to develop and deploy your system. 

6. Submit a brief report of your system for peer-grading. Your report should include 1) a title describing the function of your system, 2) a description of the envisioned application scenario and the envisioned users, 3) the design of the interface of your application. 